
1. why is human language unique/a singularity? 
->symbolic communication system that is learned instead of biologically inherited

2. what are symbols in a language?
->symbol: sounds or things which have meaning. the meaning is arbitrarily assigned

3. what consists of a word?
-> a word is one or more sounds with a specific meaning. the symbolic meaning of words can be powerful

4. what's the difference between language and speech?
-> speech=patterned verbal behavior, language=set of rules for generating speech

common concepts of language features

1. Creativity(Generativity) of language
2. the presumed primacy of speech over writing
3. the universality of language among human beings
4. a symbolic communication system that is learned

##dialect

	1. regional dialect

		it's associated with a geographically isolated speech community

	2. social dialect

		socially isolated. based on class, ethnicity, gender, age, particular social situation

	cockney: spoken by working-class londoners.

	received pronounciation: acent of standard english in the uk, with speakers including the british royal family

##pidgin(혼성어)

	a simplified , makeshift language that develops to fulfill the community needs of people to interact for commercial and other reasons

	limited amount of the voca and grammer of the different language

	also speak their own native language

	for colonization and trade

	pidgin english(new guinea), pidgn french(west africa, carribbean), zulus(south africa), malays(soutwest asia),
	 arabs(north africa),chinook(american indian)

##creole language(크리올어)

	pidgin language becomes the mother tongue of a population

	1.pidgins>>into creols over several generations

	2.their vocabularies enlarge

	3. common for creole speakers to also speak another standard language

	haitian creole(a french-african pidgin became the creole language)

	French(상류층끼리)

	different versions of pidgin english:gulla or geechee

	papua new guinea, sierra leone

diglossia or code switching

	people quicky switch back and force between dialects(or creole and another language)

	black english, public school english(upper class), cocknet dialect(lower class)
